adds OCP terms to the glossary (#222)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/o.adoc

*Incorrect forms*: Kubernetes operator, operatorize

*See also*:
[discrete]
[[operator-framework]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Operator Framework (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _Operator Framework_  is a family of tools and capabilities to deliver on the customer experience. It includes open source tools such as , Operator SDK, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), Operator Registry, and OperatorHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _Operator Framework_  is a family of tools and capabilities to deliver on the customer experience. It includes open source tools such as Operator SDK, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), Operator Registry, and OperatorHub.
```
Typo. Omit the comma.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[operator-lifecycle-manager]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Operator Lifecycle Manager  (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _Operator Lifecycle Manager_ (OLM) helps users to install, update, and manage the lifecycle of Kubernetes native applications (Operators) and their associated services running across their OpenShift Container Platform clusters. It is part of the Operator Framework, which is an open source toolkit designed to manage Operators in an effective, automated, and scalable way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _Operator Lifecycle Manager_ (OLM) helps users install, update, and manage the lifecycle of Kubernetes native applications (Operators) and their associated services running across their OpenShift Container Platform clusters. It is part of the Operator Framework, which is an open source toolkit designed to manage Operators in an effective, automated, and scalable way.
```

*Incorrect forms*: Kubernetes operator, operatorize

*See also*:
[discrete]
[[operator-framework]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Operator Framework (noun)
*Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _Operator Framework_  is a family of tools and capabilities to deliver on the customer experience. It includes open source tools such as , Operator SDK, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), Operator Registry, and OperatorHub.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[operator-hub]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] OperatorHub (noun)

Reviewer 2: I'm pretty sure that alphabetically this would come after "Operator Lifecycle Manager" and before "OpEx".

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[operator-hub]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] OperatorHub (noun)

Reviewer 2: This and OLM need to go above "OpEx"

> *Description*: In red Hat OpenShift, the "OperatorHub" is a central location where you can find a wide array of useful Operators built by the community.

Reviewer 2: Capitalize, italics, and remove "the".

Also, OperatorHub doesn't just house community operators. So suggest removing that part and replacing with something generic or different.

```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _OperatorHub_ is a central location where you can find a wide array of useful Operators to install.
```

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[operator-lifecycle-manager]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) (noun)

Reviewer 2: Can you remove "(OLM)" here? We want to try to reserve the parentheses for the part of speech. The "(OLM)" part is referenced in the sentence below, so that should be sufficient.

> *Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, the "Operator Lifecycle Manager" (OLM) helps users to install, update, and manage the lifecycle of Kubernetes native applications (Operators) and their associated services running across their OpenShift Container Platform clusters. It is part of the Operator Framework, an open source toolkit designed to manage Operators in an effective, automated, and scalable way.

Reviewer 2: Italics and remove "the"

```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, _Operator Lifecycle Manager_ (OLM) helps users to install, update, and manage the lifecycle of Kubernetes native applications (Operators) and their associated services running across their OpenShift Container Platform clusters. It is part of the Operator Framework, which is an open source toolkit designed to manage Operators in an effective, automated, and scalable way.
```
Maybe consider an entry for "Operator Framework" instead of defining it here?

> *Use it*: yes without a preceding "the"

Reviewer 2: We don't want caveats in this field, can you remove everything after "yes"?

```suggestion
*Use it*: yes
```
